[ADD] events: added complete documentation (#2549)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/overview/create.rst

Next, define the :guilabel:`Interval` and :guilabel:`Unit` of time for how often the communication
should be sent; use these time fields to specify the frequency of :guilabel:`Hours`,
:guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, or :guilabel:`Months` communications should be sent. There is
also the option to send communications `Immediately` after a specified :guilabel:`Trigger` is
activated.

In the last column, determine the :guilabel:`Trigger` which controls how and when the communication
is sent. For this action, choose between: :guilabel:`Before the event`, :guilabel:`After each
registration`, or :guilabel:`After the event`.

.. image:: create/events-communication-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the communication tab in Odoo Events.

Attach a questionnaire to event registrations
---------------------------------------------

Implementing a questionnaire during event sign up is an effective way to gauge the wants, needs,
and interests of the event's attendees ahead of time. Questionnaires also act as informative
analytics tools for reporting periods before (or after) events take place.

To create a questionnaire, from the :guilabel:`Events` application, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Configuration → Settings` and then enable the :guilabel:`Questions` setting.

Reviewer: Don't impose your own arrow styling to `menuselection` markups.
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings` and then enable the :guilabel:`Questions` setting.
```

.. example::
   If the :guilabel:`Once per order` checkbox is enabled, then a single registration for 3 event
   attendees will show the questionnaire only once.

There are two :guilabel:`Question Types` to choose from: :guilabel:`Selection` and :guilabel:`Text
Input`. The :guilabel:`Selection` type, allows attendees to select an answer from pre-configured
options, which are entered in the :guilabel:`Answers` tab below. The :guilabel:`Text Input` type
allows attendees to write in their own answer to the question in a text box.

.. image:: create/events-questions-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of an event form, open the questions tab, and add a question.

Log internal notes or add ticket instructions
---------------------------------------------

In the :guilabel:`Notes` tab, there is the option to add a :guilabel:`Note` and/or :guilabel:`Ticket
instructions`.

Under :guilabel:`Note`, internal notes can be left (such as: to-do lists, contact information,
etc.) for event staff to reference. In the :guilabel:`Ticket instructions` field, helpful
information for staff and attendees can be shared (like, directions to the venue, opening/closing
times, etc.)

> .. note::

Reviewer: Shouldn't that be a tip?

This opens an invite template form, that can be emailed or sent out as an SMS. The message can be
fully customized, and recipients can be added.

Adding a :guilabel:`Subject` line for the invite message is required, but the
:guilabel:`Preview Text` field is optional. The :guilabel:`Preview Text` is a catchy preview
sentence meant to encourage recipients to open the email.

.. note::
   In most cases, the :guilabel:`Preview Text` is displayed next to the subject. Keep this field
   empty to ensure the first characters of the email content appear, instead.

Select invitees and configure recipient filters
-----------------------------------------------

Click the :guilabel:`Recipients` field, to reveal a drop-down menu of recipient options. These
choices represent where Odoo will find the desired recipients' information.

Once an option from this menu is selected (e.g. *Applicant*, *Contact*, *Event Registration*,
*Lead/Opportunity*, etc.), Odoo can send it to all recipients who match that initial rule, or a
rule(s) can be added (and configured) to narrow down the target recipients, by clicking
:guilabel:`Add Filter`.

.. image:: create/add-filter-button.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the add filter button beneath the recipients field in Odoo Events.

Author: Understood. I created a new image with a more detailed example. However, if it doesn't meet quality standards, feel free to remove this image entirely.

Clicking :guilabel:`Add Filter` reveals three fields, formatted like an equation. To reveal the
sub-menu options, click each field, and make the desired selections, until the preferred
configuration has been acheived. The number of *Records* that match the rule(s) are indicated to the
right of the :guilabel:`Recipients` field, in green.

.. image:: create/recipient-filters.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the recipient filter fields used for event invite messages.

Author: Since I provided a more detailed sample of this kind of recipient filter this time around (for the suggested image above), I think I can safely omit this image, without confusing the reader.

.. note::
   Some sub-menu options in the first rule field allow for a second choice to provide even more
   specificity.

To the right of each rule, is an :guilabel:`X`, a :guilabel:`+`, and :guilabel:`...`. The
:guilabel:`X` deletes a specific node (line) of the rule. The :guilabel:`+` adds a node (line) to
the rule. And, the :guilabel:`...` adds a branch to the node. This means two additional, indented
sub-nodes are added to the rule. These sub-nodes are additional lines that provide even more
specificity related to the line above it.

Build a custom event invite
---------------------------

In the :guilabel:`Mail Body` tab, there are a number of pre-configured message templates to choose
from. Select the desired template, and modify every element of its design details with Odoo's
drag-and-drop building blocks (located on the right sidebar).

.. image:: create/event-email-building-blocks.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the drag and drop building blocks used to customize event invite emails.

Author: Ah, interesting. I was told previously to avoid GIFs, because they're not "responsive" on other devices. But I think a GIF would be best, especially to showcase the speed (and simplicity) of the drag-and-drop action.

Here's a link to a screencast that could (potentially) be used to generate a GIF for this section: https://drive.google.com/file/d/16uIMJWoCNFo6tD1YDVzv3x5b0QxWcUlR/view?usp=sharing

>    :alt: View of the drag and drop building blocks used to customize event invite emails.

Author: Here's a fresh screenshot, too (just in case the GIF idea doesn't pan out): https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cxs8nd1NWwihPMVb8BmLqI_A5pwV9-Av/view?usp=sharing

>    :alt: View of the drag and drop building blocks used to customize event invite emails.

Author: Feel free to pick either and place it in the doc

well.

Also, if any specific documents are required (or helpful) for this event invite, they can be
sent along with this email, by clicking :guilabel:`Attachments`, and adding the appropriate
document(s).

If *SMS* is selected as the :guilabel:`Mailing Type`, a :guilabel:`Responsible` can be designated,
and the option to :guilabel:`Include an opt-out link` is available.

Send event invite to recipients
-------------------------------

If the selected :guilabel:`Mailing Type` is *Email*, there are three options to send the invite:
:guilabel:`Send`, :guilabel:`Schedule`, and :guilabel:`Test`.

The :guilabel:`Send` option sends the invite right away. The :guilabel:`Schedule` option reveals a
pop-up, in which a scheduled date/time can be selected for the email to be sent. The
:guilabel:`Test` option reveals a :guilabel:`Test Mailing` pop-up, in which specific recipient
email addresses are entered for Odoo to send them the current version of the mailing, which tests
the effectiveness of the event invite.

.. image:: create/send-schedule-test.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the send, schedule, and test options when sending an event invite via email.

> If the selected :guilabel:`Mailing Type` is *SMS*, there are four options to send the invite:
> :guilabel:`Put in Queue`, :guilabel:`Send Now`, :guilabel:`Schedule`, and :guilabel:`Test`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the selected :guilabel:`Mailing Type` is guilabel:`SMS, there are four options to send the
invite: :guilabel:`Put in Queue`, :guilabel:`Send Now`, :guilabel:`Schedule`, and :guilabel:`Test`.
```

The :guilabel:`Put in Queue` option schedules an SMS message to all recipients (that match the
designated rules, if any) in the near future. Clicking :guilabel:`Put in Queue` reveals a pop-up,
requiring confirmation. When confirmed, a blue banner appears on the event invite template form,
indicating that the SMS will be sent later that day.

> .. note::
>    The :guilabel:`Send Now`, :guilabel:`Schedule`, and :guilabel:`Test` options all function the
>    same as the *Email* :guilabel:`Mailing Type`.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to remove two `guilabel` tags right next to each other.
```suggestion
.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Send Now`, :guilabel:`Schedule`, and :guilabel:`Test` options all function the
   same way for both :guilabel:`Mailing Type` options.
```

.. image:: create/queue-send-schedule-test.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the put in queue, send now, schedule, and test options when sending an event invite
         via SMS.

Publish events
==============

> If events aren't published, attendees won't be able to access it. To publish an event page,
> navigate to the event page on the website, from the back end or the front end, and publish it.
> 
> If starting from the back end, go to the event form, and click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart
> button to reach the event page on the website (on the front end). If starting from the front end,
> simply navigate to the event page that needs to be published.
> 
> No matter the route, an event page can only be published from the front end (on the website, as an
> admin). In the upper right corner of the event page on the website, toggle the switch from
> the red :guilabel:`Unpublished` status to the green :guilabel:`Published` status. Doing so
> instantly makes the event page accessible on the website.

Reviewer 2: Read a couple times and was confusing to me.
Suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
Until an event is published, it will remain hidden from public view on the website and registering
for it will not be possible. To publish an event, navigate to it either from the back end of Odoo
through the :guilabel:`Events` application, or access the hidden event page through the front end as
either a priveliged user or administrator.

If navigating from the back end, go to the event form, and click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart
button to reach the event page on the website (on the front end). If starting from the front end,
simply navigate to the event page that needs to be published.

No matter the route, an event page can only be published from the front end. In the upper right
corner of the event page on the website, toggle the switch from the red :guilabel:`Unpublished`
status to the green :guilabel:`Published` status. Doing so instantly makes the event page accessible
to the public on the website.
```
```

> .. image:: create/events-frontend-publish.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: View of a website page and the option to publish the event in Odoo Events.

Reviewer 2: The crop here isn't great. Can get a new shot?

```suggestion
.. image:: create/events-frontend-publish.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a website page and the option to publish the event in Odoo Events.
```
